c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\ShootyPowPow.exe.config
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\obj\Debug\ShootyPowPow.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\ShootyPowPow.exe
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\ShootyPowPow.pdb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\obj\Debug\ShootyPowPow.exe
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\obj\Debug\ShootyPowPow.pdb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\AmmoBox.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\Explosion.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\floor.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\font.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\MedKit.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\Pip.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\player.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet1.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet2.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet3.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet4.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet5.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet6.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet7.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_Bullet8.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_HealthBarBorder.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_HealthBarGreenFill.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_HealthBarRedFill.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\TEX_PlayerSprite.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\wall1.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\wall2.xnb
c:\users\joshd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootyPowPow\ShootyPowPow\bin\Debug\Content\wall3.xnb
